Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni. Greetings to all esteemed Dharma friends. Dear
Dharma friends in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
we are all
experiencing the
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in
Vietnam. With a mindful and contemplative attitude,
we urge you to
strictly follow the directives of the
Prime Minister and the guidance of the
Ministry of Health. As Buddhists, we must
seriously practice mindful contemplation.
Today, I would like to share with you a
way to boost immunity: eating onions,
drinking turmeric water, drinking ginger water, and deep breathing.
In the morning, upon
waking up, drink a glass of
turmeric water. Take fresh turmeric,
grind or crush it, then mix it
with boiling water or boil it briefly.
Let it cool slightly before drinking.
After drinking the turmeric water,
eat an onion.
Cut the onion into small, square pieces about the size of two
fingertips.
Here's how to eat the onion: put the onion piece
in your
mouth.  Chew the onion until it turns into
juice, then hold it in your mouth
and breathe through your nose so the
onion vapors pass through your nostrils.
Hold it like that for a while,
then swallow slowly.
Don't chew the onion until it's
crushed and swallow it down, as that will cause a
burning sensation in your stomach.
Also, don't chew the onion and
swallow the juice as you go. You
can
experience this firsthand if
you have a sore throat or cough.
Just eat
one piece, swallow it, then
eat a second, then a third, and
you'll immediately feel
relief from the sore throat and cough. Eat
this onion
repeatedly throughout the day, and after eating,
don't drink water. Let it sit for
a long time so the
onion vapors remain in
your throat and neck.
After breakfast,
we drink ginger water. This
was applied during the first wave of COVID-19,
and the Buddhists
applied it and found that they didn't experience any
symptoms of the common cold. This is very
good. And before going to bed, the esteemed
practitioners also chew a piece of onion, holding it in their mouth before
sleeping. That's right,
before going to bed,
we hold it in our mouth and
chew it like that.
In addition, we also have a
daily breathing technique: we
inhale deeply and exhale forcefully.
However, the esteemed practitioners
should note that we shouldn't do
this in public places.
At home, we can use a small
basin, pour
in some hot water with a little
salt, or cold water with a little salt, and inhale and
exhale into the basin.
This is to prevent
spreading the disease to the community and others if we are already sick and don't know it.
Dear fellow practitioners, today, Tâm Chiều Hoàn Quán
shares with you, dear
practitioners, for your reference, a
method to increase resistance against the
COVID-19 pandemic: drinking
turmeric water in the morning after waking up, eating onions, and
drinking ginger water. This is based on our research. You
can practice this method to
help prevent
illness. You
can apply it as you see fit, but Tâm Chiều
Hoàn Quán reminds you to
strictly follow the
Prime Minister's directives
and the Ministry of Health's recommendations. If you
experience any of the symptoms mentioned, please
go immediately to a medical facility for
timely care. Tâm Chiều Hoàn Quán encourages
you to diligently
practice so that you
can transform your karma. With this transformation,
you can help
others prevent and treat illnesses
more effectively. We also
pray for the COVID-19 pandemic to end soon
and
for all those who have passed away.
Those in positions of responsibility,
especially doctors, nurses,
and frontline workers in the fight
against COVID-19, are blessed with increased health and
well-being to help bring
this pandemic to a swift end. May all fellow
practitioners persevere, may your
families be
safe and sound, and may Vietnam
and the world soon be free from this
pandemic. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni! [Music] [
Applause] [Music
]
[Applause]
[Music]